DOCSP-41161: Builders landing page (#28)
mongodb/docs-kotlin-sync: source/index.txt

Learn how to work with specialized data formats and custom types in the
:ref:`kotlin-sync-data-formats` section.

Use Builders API
----------------

> Learn how to work with the builders pattern in the :ref:`kotlin-sync-builders` section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how to work with the various builder operation helpers in the :ref:`kotlin-sync-builders` section.
```
